jellyfish stinging cells called the
method sites are one of the most amazing
fast and boldest natural systems
injecting toxins and poisons material so
we're talking about biological cells
something like ten micron in diameter
that consists a capsule about the same
diameter and inside this capsule there
is a needle what we call tool which is
folded inside out ready for being
released the middle is about 40 to 50
times larger longer than the diameter of
the capsule one of the interesting part
of how these needles are being released
is they are folded inside out like a
sleeve that I'm showing here and when it
starts to elongate it's not really
elongating it's not injecting like a
syringe but it's just going through this
process that I showed them new
understanding is that instead of
focusing on the environment around the
capsule what one need to do now is to
try to focus its attention on the very
long path along the needle elongation
and it can be used to better understand
how animals protect themselves against
thinking how maybe we can develop means
to protect human beings swimmers in the
in the ocean and there is a whole new
field of developing nanotubes which will
be steady or dynamic and maybe we can
mimic what we found in those jellyfish
in order to develop nanotubes in the
future
you